# Survey Repository
In this repository, you can find the Creation Tool and the MR Card Game created for the bachelor thesis "A Mixed Reality Card Game for Formal and Informal education", as well as example 3D models.
To complete the surveys necessary for the evaluation of this project, you need to do the following:

1. Download the zip found [here](https://github.com/AnPerret/ExampleModelObjects/tree/main/Question%20Creator). Unzip it and start the .exe of the creation tool. Your firewall will probably prevent the creation of a local save folder in your Documents folder. You will probably have to restart the game one time before the successful creation of this folder (/Documents/MRQuestion Creator), and without this creation you cannot create any questions. In the creation tool, please create at least two questions, one multiple choice and one input question. Link at least one 3D model to one of the questions. To link a 3D model to a question, you need an Uri that ends on a .obj object. For this, you can use a 3D model stored in a folder in this git project ([here](https://github.com/AnPerret/ExampleModelObjects/tree/main/Example%20Models)). Please make sure that you clicked on the "Raw" button to get the Uri of the .obj object that you choose, and not only the page with the .obj preview ([how it looks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AnPerret/ExampleModelObjects/main/Example%20Models/Cube.obj)). Then upload the level by selecting it in the browse level menu and giving it a code. This code will be necessary to download your level in the game application, so please note it down somewhere.
2. Complete the evaluation of the creation tool. The evaluation for the creation tool can be found with this link: [Creation Tool Survey](https://mr-card-game.limesurvey.net/719814?newtest=Y&lang=en). Since the evaluation is anonymous but in two parts, you will be asked to enter a code in both questionnaires. If you decide to not enter a code in the suggested format, please note your code down so you enter the same code in the second part of the evaluation.
3. Print the image targets out using this [pdf-file](https://github.com/AnPerret/ExampleModelObjects/tree/main/Image%20Targets). Roughly cutting the image targets out is sufficient.
4. Transfer the [MR Card Game .apk](https://github.com/AnPerret/ExampleModelObjects/tree/main/MR%20Card%20Game) to your mobile phone (e.g. in your download folder). Install the game by clicking on the .apk on your phone. When starting the game, the game will ask to have access to the camera of the phone. This is necessary because the game is an AR application that uses the camera to track image targets. After launching the game, download your created level, or an example level with the code "example". Depending on the size of the level, the download can take some time. If the download is not successful, please contact me. After the successful download, play the level you downloaded. To see the game board, you need to have the "board" image target in the field of your camera. To build towers, place the "tower" image target on the game board. To draw a spell card, you need to place a "spell" image target in your camera field and click the draw button. Drawing spells is only possible while the wave is ongoing. Spells drawn are taken randomly from a set of 30 spells. To play spells, place the image target on the game board. If one of your questions has been linked with more than one 3D model, the additional 3D models will appear over the "helper" image targets (with 3D written on it).
5. Complete the evaluation of the game. The evaluation for the game can be found with this link: [Game Survey](https://mr-card-game.limesurvey.net/914298?newtest=Y&lang=en). Since the evaluation is anonymous but in two parts, you will be asked to enter a code in both questionnaires. Please make sure you enter the same code you entered for the first part of the evaluation.

If you want to clean up your computer after the test, delete the zip, what you extracted, and the "MRQuestion Creator" folder in your Documents folder.
Uninstalling the game on your phone will delete all locals files automatically.
